Hello! 
Thank you for downloading my latest tool!

This tool is a webapp, which can be run inside a browser!
It works best in Chromium based browsers as I used Google Chrome for testing.

HOW TO USE:
This tool provides various features within it's code.

1. Make sure you have downloaded your ERP list.
2. Make sure you removed any other extra lines after the roblox.com/userid/profile line.
INCORRECT LIST
https://roblox.com/users/1/profile Followed by 13.5 M users worldwide.
CORRECT LIST
https://roblox.com/users/1/profile
3. Make sure to select your updated list and upload it by clicking the upload button!
4. Make sure to press the "Load Database" button.
5. You will see a list of all Roblox users which are in your list. 
5.1 While you click the Load Database button, a nice animated banner shows up with actual music playing in the background indicating that the tool is working and the ERP account slaying have begun!
5.2 You can mute the music with the "Mute" button, if you want to unmute, click it again!
6. If you want to add the reason for the ERP account, click the "Add custom reason (Add as many as you want)" button.
6.1 You can add as many reasons as you want, the database uppon download lists all reasons under one list for that account.
Example:
https://roblox.com/users/1/profile Roblox is followed by 13.5 Million users worldwide. Roblox is a well known game, created in 2006. Roblox makes events every year for users.
https://roblox.com/users/2/profile John Doe is a well known mysterious figure. This account is in the property of Roblox.
https://roblox.com/users/3/profile Jane Doe is a well known mysterious figure. This account is in the property of Roblox.
6.2 You can click on the links which are on red, the account page will open up in a single second.
6.3 If you find a terminated account in the list, please make sure to include TERMINATED or a similar word in the database. Later when you download you can remove them from your list.
6.4 If you find an account with the no signs of ERP activity, please make sure to put INNOCENT or a similar word in the database. So when you download the full database, you can easily remove them from the list.
7. After you clicked the "Add custom reason (Add as many as you want)" button, make sure to write in your reasons with proper grammar. 
7.1 The software used to be able to identify ',.''s in the past, but it was removed due to the changes within MFD for writing reasons. You are now required to put the dots and commas in by yourself.
8. If you are writing multiple reasons for one account please use the ADD CUSTOM REASON button as it is better for the database uppon exporting.
9. If you are done with one account, just write in the texts in the prompts and go to the next.
10. If you are done with the full database and all reasons are written in click the "UPDATE ERP DATABASE" button.
11. You can click this button multiple times to view your progress.
11.1 You were unable to finish the whole database in a day? No problem, click the UPDATE DATABASE button then download the database below! You can continue it where you left it off.
11.2 Your previous progress will show up on the url bar of the user. You just need to click the UPDATE DATABASE button to get back the newest results then click download.
12. If you are done with the database click the DOWNLOAD DATABASE button to get your completed ERP list.
13. You are ready to submit your database into the system.

If you encounter any bugs feel free to contact BenXiadous.


